CCAPDEV Machine Project 3: Kitchenette
Made by: 
Aryan Arora
Carl Nicolas Bulaun
Link to application: https://kitchenette-app.herokuapp.com

Overview
    Kitchenette is a web application designed for users to find and add recipes
    that can be shared with other users of the application. The web app makes use 
    of an account system which allows users to access the recipes found in the database.

Features
Register
        Users can register an account which can allow them to access other features used 
        in the web application such as adding and viewing recipes. To register, the user 
        needs to input an email that is not yet present in the web apps database and a 
        password. Upon confirmation of the creation of the account the users can login 
        and access the other features of the application.
Login 
        Once an Account is registered, it can be used to login in order to login the user
         needs to correctly input the email and password in order to successfully login.
Log out
	The user if logged in can also logout of their account.
Recipes
        Recipes displays the recipes that can be found in the database of the application. 
        The recipes displayed will show a picture of the recipe's result, the recipe’s 
        instructions, and related tags to the recipe. Upon selecting a recipe it will display
         additional details such as the required ingredients to prepare the recipe, the time 
         of preparation, and the instructions to follow in order to complete the recipe.
Add Recipes
	Recipes can be added by the user in which the following fields must be inputted by the
    user in order to add the recipe to the database of the web application: The recipe name, 
    Tags related to the recipe, all the required ingredients for the recipe, the directions 
    and notes to follow the recipe and lastly a photo of the final result of the recipe. 
    Once all the fields have been filled the user can then submit the recipe and it will be 
    entered into the database for the user to view.
Remove Recipes
	Recipes that are added by the user can also be removed from the web apps database.
